What are you, Mr. He Tian?
You know me?
More than just knowing?
Teacher He, you are my idol
I've heard you speak.
It was so good.
Solved my problem for years
Wang Feng, what are you doing?
Liang Gongzi, sorry
Suddenly I saw my idol
A little out of control
It's better to know where you stand
Yes I understand
Is there a problem with the Hequan Group project?
Luo always has
You see, everything done here is fake.
It's very secretive.
People who don't have the ability can't see it at all
Good good Luo Xuemei
The hole you dug for me is here, right?
What does this have to do with me?
You obviously made the fake account yourself.
Did Wang Feng hear it?
Don't take Luo Yingxue away
Mr. Luo
Since there is a problem with the account of the rule group
Then please come with me, hahaha.
Luoxue
Are you really shooting yourself in the foot?
Don't worry about Luo
After careful comparison
All these accounting issues
It all existed last year
Mr. Luo, guess what?
I just became the president of the group for a few days
How could it be him?